When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
Prince Hydron thinks he's safe...
in his sky palace.
But he's not as long as Tigrerra and the others
are his prisoners.
I've seen them.
They've been turned into bronze statues in his
throne room.
That's horrible...
We've got to free them.
We will, Marucho.
We'll free them all.
Hang on, guys...
We're coming.
And this time nothing's gonna stop us!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Ultimate Bakugan\".
[closed-mouth dismissive hmmph]
Don't celebrate your victory yet...
I won't give my collection to anybody.
Final Controller... on.
[\u266a]
What the?
Oh no!
Watch out!
What's going on?
We're reverting again!
Elfin!
It's a long way down without you!
[surprised cry]
Shun!
Whoooooaaa!
You got us but who's got them?
[falling cry]
Stay calm, Baron!
Ace!
[falling cry]
Going downnnnn!
Dan!
[falling cry]
[extreme effort]
Whoa!
W-wow...
[extreme effort]
[hitting ground]
[relieved sigh]
Thank you, Drago.
That was above and beyond.
[exhausted panting]
You're heavier than I remember.
He means, \"you're welcome\".
[exhausted sigh]
[relieved laugh]
Where are Shun and the others?
I'm sure they're all right.
[\u266a]
Shun, Mira and Marucho should be halfway to
Vespalace by now.
That was totally weird...
Why did you guys turn back into balls?
Yeah, didn't we destroy all the Dimension Controllers?
Well, it looks like...
the prince kept one in reserve.
It seems the young prince is trickier than we thought.
I just hope... the others are okay.
They're okay.
Drago won't let them down.
I guess so...
Wilda's right.
You think?
Dan's been in worse spots than this...
We need to go on with the mission.
Guess we're taking the stairs.
Yeah! Master Dan!
Did you say, take the stairs?
That'll take forever.
And then we'll be all sweaty and tired.
If we've returned to ball form then there's another
Dimension Controller up there.
We can't fly you all up to the palace like this.
I agree.
We'll have to find another way.
What's the point?
Your true battle is right here.
We have a score to settle, dragonoid.
Helios!
The same goes for us...
Dan Kuso.
You got that right.
There can't be two ultimate Bakugan.
Drago?
I'm ready.
Sorry, Ace, Baron...
Before we can head up to Vespalace I'm going to
finish off Spectra in a battle.
[closed-mouth agreement]
Are you gonna talk or brawl?
Gauntlet... Power Strike!
Gate Card Set!
Behold the ultimate Bakugan...
Cyborg Pyrus Helios!
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
You ready, dude?
Yes!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
You've never seen anything like Cyborg Helios!
Something's not right.
[growing, malevolent laughter]
[powerful, ready for battle roar]
What have they done to him?
Helios!
You've turned your body into a machine?
How could you sink so low?
So low?
You're wrong.
I have been reborn as the ultimate Bakugan.
Double Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon plus Burning Tornado!
[battle roar]
Calculating Power Levels.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Farbas Activate.
Burning Dragon damage twenty-eight percent.
Repairing.
Burning Tornado damage forty percent.
System diagnostic and repair complete.
No way!
System rebooting.
Battle Systems online.
Restoring original Power Level.
Increase 200.
There's no damage at all?
Hah!
We're just getting started.
Uploading dragonoid interception program omega one.
Farbus ability still active.
Increase Power Level 100.
His Power Level's the same as Drago's!
Farbus...
Fully Automatic Reaction Battle System.
This is why you can never triumph.
Cyborg Helios is the perfect blend of Bakugan
might and Vestal technology.
A new breed of Bakugan that gives me ultimate power!
Not good.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Chaos Shock Cannon!
[attack roar]
[extreme pain]
Oh no!
Master Dan!
Drago!
Stay cool!
Dan's life gauge isn't used up yet!
But Helios is formidable.
[confident, dismissive grunt]
Gate Card open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[powerful, defiant roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
Drago... Helios is pretty tough.
I know! But I won't lose again. Not to him!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Strike Dragon!
[intense battle roar]
Power Level Doubled.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Farbas!
Owned!
Dragonoid defensive systems active.
What?
Analyzing Strike Dragon data.
Increase Power Level plus 500.
It's that computer again.
His Power Level's gone back up.
[cocky, evil laugh]
What do you think now, dragonoid?
You can't hurt me.
I am more powerful than you are.... More powerful
than the Perfect Core itself!
More powerful than the Perfect Core?
We shall see!
Got it Drago!
Strike the final blow, Helios!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Explosion Lambda!
This is the end, Drago!
[attack roar]
[\u266a]
[extreme pain]
Drago!
Stay tuned.
This could be our last brawl.
Go Drago!
Nothing will stand in my way!
Bakugan Brawl!
[agonizing pain]
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Maximum Dragon!
[building power roar]
Pathetic.
You don't stand a chance.
[building power roar]
Unable to analyze strategy.
Warning.
Dragonoid power building.
[low menacing growl]
So you think you're more powerful than the perfect core?
Think again!
[punching effort]
Yes! TKO!
Way to go!
Master Dan blew him out of the water.
Yeah but... Next one decides it.
Gate Card Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Let's do it, Drago!
Helios Stand!
Drago Stand!
[building power roar]
Looks like Spectra is having some trouble.
I'll have to show him how it's done.
Lync, is the Alternate Mechanical Bakugan battle ready?
Yes.
Good...
Then deliver it to me immediately...
Yeah, well... about that...
Spectra took off with both units...
I'm sorry, Prince.
Outrageous!
How dare he defy me!
Please forgive me, sire...
It's all my fault.
Get out of my sight, Lync...
I'll figure out how to punish you later.
Very well, my prince.
Well, Spectra...
you are playing a very dangerous little game.
Oooh, I'm so scared...
He's gonna punish me?
That Hydron's gonna be looking for a new job soon...
Well, if it isn't my favourite nightmare.
The prince might be washed up...
but Spectra's become so obsessed with power, his
days are numbered too.
You should think carefully about whose side you want
to be on when the smoke clears.
Whaddya say, traitor?
Gonna change sides?
Shaaaaa!
Seems I've underestimated...
the power of the Perfect Core.
Not for long.
Deactivate lock.
Ultimate Formation!
How many of those things have you got?
Mira and Gus tested them out for me...
Now watch!
Maxus Helios...
Stand!
[terrifying roar]
[\u266a]
He's combined them all...
And their power level is off the chain...
[gasp]
It's worse than I thought!
Meet Maxus Helios.
[brutish laugh]
I can feel the power of all six attributes: Not just
Pyrus but Ventus, Subterra, Aquos, Haos and Darkus!
He's a monster.
Not true...
Helios is the ultimate brawling machine.
Starting with Ventus.
Ability Activate!
Ventus Air Saw!
[powerful effort]
[pain]
Minus 200.
Now for Subterra!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Subterra Spartan!
[pain]
Drago!
Increase 200.
Next, Pyrus...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Pyrus Spear!
Increase 200
[pain]
That's it...
We're taking back this battle.
Ability Activate!
Dragon Contender!
[mighty battle roar]
And there's more where that came from!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate.
Strike Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
Calculating power levels.
[evil snicker]
Fusion Ability Activate!
Dragon Clash!
Calculating power levels Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Maximum Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
Come on. Come on.
Snap...
Can't match his power level.
[laboured breathing]
Nothing?
And we're hitting him with everything we've got.
What now?
[evil laugh]
Is that the best that the Perfect Core can do?
[exhausted collapsing]
Drago!
[\u266a]
Nothing can beat the Ultimate Bakugan.
We're clearing out of here...
And you'll be coming with us whether you like it or not.
What Volt means to say is; we'd like you to come with us.
Is that what Prince Hydron wishes me to do?
Or are you planning to abandon him as New
Vestroia breaks apart?
If that's what you want, I'm not prepared to do it.
You're making a mistake, Professor.
As the head of this research facility I know
where my duty lies...
What you're suggesting, my friend, is treason.
Ah drop the mumbo jumbo, will ya?
You're working for us from now on.
Got it?
You have a way with words, don't you Shadow?
If you're worried about the Prince, don't be.
Spectra will take the fall.
Spectra?
He's the reason the Dimension Controllers have
been destroyed.
Traitor...
It figures Mylene would try to pin this all on Spectra.
Sneaking around like usual, Gus?
Shhh!
Listen Lync...
Tell Spectra Mylene's up to something.
Like what?
Not only are those snakes are planning to leave,
they want to take Professor Clay with them.
Ya know...
Sounds good to me!
[angry groan]
Slimy... little...
double-crosser!
I knew you'd understand...
See ya later, loser.
So this is Prince Hydron's throne room?
We'll have to be careful.
He could show up any moment.
One of these buttons should do it.
Preyas!
Skyress!
Like them?
I already know how Mira feels about them.
Prince Hydron!
[gritted teeth anger]
Gate Card... Set!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[mighty battle roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios Stand!
Deactivate lock.
[\u266a]
Ultimate Formation.
[fiendish battle roar]
Ultimate Helios Stand!
[evil battle roar]
[\u266a]
It's the beginning of the end, Dan Kuso.
Whoa! He brought it out again.
Master Dan is the best but there's no way he can beat
that power level, is there?
He'll figure it out.
Looks like...
We have no choice.
Drago, we gotta bring out these bad boys.
The ones I won off Mira.
Dan! What are you?
Look...
Helios is doing it so you should too.
Otherwise we're toast.
It's wrong.
I know it's hard...
I get that you don't like Mechanical Bakugan.
But this is the only way to free New Vestroia.
You're right, Dan.
We have to do it!
That's the spirit.
Deactivate lock!
[\u266a]
Let's throw down!
Ultimate formation!
[battle roar]
Ultimate Drago Stand!
[triumphant battle roar]
[\u266a]
Lookin' good!
It suits him.
Let's see what he does with it.
[delighted laugh]
When Dan does something, he does it big.
How's it feel, man?
[approving grunt]
Not bad.
[closed mouth evil snicker]
At first you were condemning me Dan...
for using Mechanical Bakugan...
But now I see you have joined the brawl.
Finally, a worthy opponent...
Drago!
Worthier than you...
Helios!
Mylene here.
Since power crazy Spectra is busy with brawling Dan
Kuso, it's the perfect time to make my move.
After all, what's the point of battling if
there's nothing left to win?
So I'm going to let Spectra and his Ultimate
Bakugan keep Dan Kuso busy till they bring New
Vestroia down around them.
Don't miss next week.
Things are really taking off!
Bakugan Brawl!
See you then Battle Brawlers!
[evil chuckle]
[\u266a]